Lifecycler: return the number of instances in lifecycler's zone (#266)
grafana/dskit: CHANGELOG.md

  * `<prefix>_cache_operation_skipped_total{backend="[memcached|redis]",...}`
  * `<prefix>_cache_operations_total{backend="[memcached|redis]",...}`
  * `<prefix>_cache_requests_total{backend="[memcached|redis]",...}`

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Lifecycler: Added `InstancesInZoneCount` method returning the number of instances in the ring that are registered in lifecycler's zone, updated during the last heartbeat period. #266

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Lifecycler: Added `HealthyInstancesInZoneCount ` method returning the number of healthy instances in the ring that are registered in lifecycler's zone, updated during the last heartbeat period. #266
```
